Are you my brother?
Yeah.
Sorry about your father.
Our father.
You know he loved you.
I'm sorry to be meeting like this.
Me too.
Is my mother here?
I haven't seen her.
We come to this day mindfulthat we've lost a beloved brother,
a cherished friend, and a devoted father.
Poppy.
-Where's my mother?-I don't know.
We should get going.
What the hell is going on?My mother's supposed to be here.
-I haven't talked to you in over a week.-You lied to me.
What?
You looked me right in the eyeand told me you weren't there that night.
-What are you talking about?-A witness came forward.
A credible one that puts you at theBuhrman house at the time of the murder.
You were there, Warren.
Not even gonna deny it.
I didn't kill Chuck.
I trusted you.
You trusted me?
After everything you did to try to bury meall those years ago.
But I was right the first time.
My mother was right about you.
You were just using usto try to make yourself feel better.
You're guilty, and your mother deservesto know the truth about you.
You stay away from my mother.
You stay away from heror I will fucking kill you.
Come on, Cave. Let's go.
Let me ask you a question.
Whose fault do you think it isthat my dad is dead?
Your hands aren't clean in this.
My dad put a gun to his head...
Come on.
...but you are the onewho drove him to do it.
We're all here because of you, Poppy.
-Please tell me that you got that.-Yup.
Can we get a comment, Ms. Parnell?
Do you think your podcast was responsiblefor Owen Cave's death?
No comment.
Did he commit suicide because of what yousaid on the air? Can you describe what--
Can I get 250? Anyone? Two fifty.
Going once, going twice.
Sold to this gentleman here for 200.Congratulations, sir.
Up next, lot number 11.
We have an original Erin Buhrman piece
painted just months beforethe murder of her husband.
We'll start the bidding at 800.Who will say 800?
-Eight hundred.-Thank you.
Who'll go 850? Do I hear 850?
-Over here.-Eight fifty. Thank you.
Can I get 900?Nine hundred for this painting.
Going once, going twice, sold for 850.
Next up is lot number 12.Lanie Buhrman's diary.
Let's start the bidding at $500.Five hundred, thank you.
-Can I get 600? Thank you.-Six hundred.
Seven hundred. Seven hundred, thank you.
-Eight hundred. Eight hundred, thank you.-Eight.
-Who'll go nine? Who'll say nine?-Nine hundred.
Nine hundred dollars, thank you.
One thousand. One thousand.
Nine hundred going once, going twice,
Lanie's diary, sold.
Nine hundred to the blonde womanin the gray coat. Congratulations, ma'am.
Hey.
So we are good?
Yes. I stayeduntil the painters finished up.
Great.
Thank you.
Here you go.
I never should've done this story.
I didn't keep it at arm's length.
Broke every rule of reporting.
What do you want to do? Talk to me.
I'm sorry, Ingram. Sorry about everything.
It's okay.
I'm done with the Warren Cave story.
Finished with all of it.
I'll record a finale,tell the world the truth,
and then we can... put this behind us.
-Okay.-Okay.
Hi.
You ordered room service?
I'll set it right here, if that's okay.
All right.
Okay. Just gotta...
Dining for two?
Answer him.
In your real accent.
Oh, my God, where have you been?
Someone taggedthe Reconsidered page on IG.
They were sellingall these Buhrman collectibles.
-Noa...-Buhrman home videos. Look at this.
The family barbecue,Christmas '94, Mother's Day '96.
We could rip the audioand put them on the podcast.
-No.-"No"?
No, I wanna lay in Warren's threat to me,
show the world who he really is,and we're done.
We're done.
-Do you have the cut?-Yeah.
What? I thought you'd be happy.
Why would I be happy?We're stopping something that's working.
I am done with these people, Noa.
Just let me show youthe other thing I picked up.
Lanie's diaryfrom when she was a teenager.
Look at this. It's all symbolsin some kind of code language.
There are entries every day of the weekfrom Chuck's murder.
The best part,
there's two people's handwriting in here.
It's gotta be Lanie and Josie.
We gotta get someone to crack it.There could be info in here.
This is private.
So was Susan's phone, but we'reon this ride now and so are our listeners.
-Okay, this is our last episode.-It's bullshit to stop now.
We can switch focus to the Buhrman women.
-There is plenty of story.-I already told Markus that we were done.
This is a gold mine. It could revealwhy she lied or who coached her.
Somebody died in my house, Noa.
Because of all of this.Because of this crazy... story.
I mean, if that's not enough, Warren lied.
And I can't put myself or Ingram--
Oh, my God, I can't put Ingram...through any more of this, okay?
For someone I don't trust.I just, I can't.
Hey, hey, it's okay.I wasn't being sensitive.
I'm just so used to you being unbreakable.
But I get it. I hear you.You wanna stop, we stop.
I'm sorry.
I wanna record the finaleand then figure out what's next.
You got it.
People have been telling mefrom the beginning
that Warren Cave was probably guilty.
And that I would drive myself crazytrying to find out the truth.
And in many ways, I did.
Just when I thought I had the answers,
something would come along and completelypull the rug out from under me.
Nobody wanted to give up the truth
because giving it upmight've meant giving up hope.
Former Stanford professor and cult authorkilled in his own home.
His neighbor and the sonof the lead detective on the case
has been arrested for his murder.
I believed in Warren's innocence.
I launched this seriessure that I could prove it,
and then I heard this.
I was driving my street sweeperat 4:00 in the morning
when I saw the killer running awayfrom the victim's house
with a knife in his hand.
I never told the policethey had the right guy.
What was he running from?
What happened at the Halloween party?
What made Warren kill Chuck?
I don't know.
I have no choice but to accept it.
Warren Cave is guilty,and that's the truth.
And that's all I ever wanted.
Thank you.
Have you seen this?
Where did you find this?
On the Reconsidered website.
Someone just forwarded it to me.
Ingram?
In here.
Hey. Thought we'd chasesome of those demons out.
By bringing in more demons?What's all this?
You need them. They need you.Everybody wins. All right?
Come on.
Hey, y'all.
I'm sorry about what happened in here.
Thanks, baby.
This table looks nice.
-That was me.-Okay.
Lillian cooked. She brought all the food.
Thanks, Lil.
And I didn't use any of your good china.
All of her china is good china.She lucky we didn't bring Styrofoam.
Quit playin'.You know you're too bougie for Styrofoam.
I am. I really, really am.
She is bougie.
Hey, Daddy.
Popsicle.
Come sit with me a minute.
Desiree told mewhat happened here with that cop.
I hate you didn't call me yourself.
You all right?
No.
But you told me once, "Nobody caresabout a little black girl's tears."
So, I'm just trying to stay strong.
I said that to you?
When you dropped me off with Miss Shirley.
I turned those words into my spine.
And you know what?
It's made of steel. Can't break me.
I should not have said that to you.I should have never said that shit to you.
-It's okay.-No.
No, it's not.
You... are my life, Poppy.
You know that, right?
All you girls.
I ran the streets as hard as I didto take care of my family.
You ran the streets because you liked it.
Gonna put a couple of piecesof corn bread in there.
This was magic here.
Thank you, baby.
What are you doing?
We have to say grace.
-This is incredible.-Okay.
A happy day, and I'm so happy.
So, Lillian, would you do the honors?
Sure.
Heavenly Father, we thank youfor this opportunity to fellowship
and break bread as a family.
We ask that you bless this meal,
the hands that prepared itand the mouths that are about to receive.
In Jesus' name we pray. Amen.
-Amen!-All right.
-Can I pass the meat?-Now you can.
Caleb wants to meet the family.
He's here. He's insisting.
Whoa. Slow down.
I cannot believe that you called him.
What were you thinking?
Don't put this all on me.
You're the one who's been lying to him,pretending that I don't even exist.
For good reason!You had no right to call him!
I had no right? What about you?
You're the one who soldall of our childhood shit to some ghoul
who's selling it on the Internetto the highest bidder.
What? What are you talking about?
All of our shit from the storage unitis on the Internet.
No.
No, I paid the storage guyto get rid of it.
My diary is in there, Josie.
Yeah. This is all your fault.
You're just as cluelessand self-righteous as you ever were.
No. I--Aunt Susan is the one that made me--
And then you told meI had to deal with it. You did!
I didn't want any part of any of this!None of it!
Okay. Okay! God, calm down.
Look, I'm sorry that I called him.
I honestly thought that I was...I could help.
Let me fix this, all right?
-Now, why don't we just invite Caleb over?-What?
And we can answer any questionsthat he might have.
You know?Then we'll just put everything behind us.
Fine.
Okay. It's okay.
I'm only doing this'cause I have no other choice.
Hey. Last night was nice.
Did you post your last episode?
Uh-uh. I'm still tweaking it.
How come you never told meyou were in foster care?
What? Who told you that?
Your father.
I didn't ask before
'cause of everythingthat happened with Owen.
But...
What did he tell you?
Just that...
you been trying to get back at himfor 30 years
for him putting you in there.
He said that? When?
Were you in foster care?
Babe. It wasn't that formal.
Miss Shirley was a family friend.She took kids in.
That's how they used to do it.
We grew up differently.
My family grew up hard for generations.
-I know that.-No, you don't.
I mean, not really.
You should air that last episode.
So you want to know what I think?
I think if you really wanted to stop,you would have dropped the finale by now.
Is that right?
Look, you can't quit now, Pop. All right?Way too many unanswered questions.
-Noa got to you, didn't she?-As she should have.
What, you thought you wasjust gonna get rid of me that easy?
Look, that street sweeper,
he swore up and down thathe saw Warren running towards the street.
-Markus---Hold on. Hold on.
Look, that's a direct contradictionto what Lanie said.
Warren couldn't have jumpedthe back fence.
So that goes back to ouroriginal question: Why did Lanie lie?
Enough. Okay?
I watched Owen put a gun to his head.
In my house.
Why can't anybody understand that?What else has to happen?
You done?
Forget you, Markus.
No, you know, the reason whywe're here right now is
because you turned your backon the truth 19 years ago.
Are you ready to go through that again?
Noa gave me this. Okay?
Now, what we need to do,is we need to figure out
exactly what Josie and Laniewere saying to each other.
I don't give a shit what it says.
Yeah, well, I don't believe that.
I'm sorry you went through that with Owen.
Okay?
But look, if you're hurtin' now,
think about how you're gonna feelif you don't get all the answers.
He's guilty.
Prove it.
You know, at the end of the day,I don't give a shit about Warren Cave.
But I do care about you.
Gotta prove it for yourself, Pop.
Can we talk?
If you're looking for sympathy'cause of your dead daddy,
you ain't gonna find it here.
Look, I just wanna clear the air.
I messed up with that reporter.
More than you think.
It even caused issues on the outside.
Putting the spotlight on Jerbic,just so she could talk to you.
I let her put hope in my head.
I was wrong. And then she betrayed me.
What did you expect?
She comes from a race of animals.
And now you're here...
because you want to come backto your real family.
I never left.
Look,
I'm always loyal to you.
All right, whatever you need.
This... is the only family you got.
You know,it's the only family any of us got.
Families...
they take care of each other.
Go.
Go on.
I'm gonna needa gesture from you, brother.
To show your faith.
Oh, my God.
Give us a callif you find anything missing.
And we'll let you knowif we get a hit on those prints.
-Hey, baby.-Daddy.
-You okay?-Yeah.
Where's Ingram?
He's on his way back from Carmel.
I'm glad you called me.
You're sure you're all right?
I'm fine. It's just... the house.
And what did the police say?
That there were burglariesin the area recently.
They think it might be teenagers.Basically, nothin'.
I don't believe in accidents.
Who would do this?
I don't know.
Is it because of your show, that prisoner?
I ended it.
-When?-Couple of days ago.
And what did he say when you told him?
Poppy.
He said he'd kill me.But it was an empty threat.
Come on. You know better than that.
All he's gotta do is reach outto someone on the outside.
And who did you use to get to him before?
-Jerbic.-Well, I told you he wasn't shit.
These cats are gonna stay behinduntil Ingram gets home,
longer if you need.
-Wait. Where you goin'?-Leave the soldiers behind.
-On point, brother. Take care.-Sir.
Don't worry. I don't bite.
Welcome to our abode.
It's nothing fancy,but it's our little slice of paradise.
-This is my husband.-Alex.
-Nice to meet you.-You too.
Hi, Caleb.
I'm Erin, Josie's mom.
Nice to meet you.
So, can I get y'all something to drink?Water, wine?
Wine, please.
Same.
Caleb? Beer?
Beer sounds good.
-Erin?-No. Nothing for me.
Although you should all have a drink.
You look like you need one,and it's a party, right?
Let's lighten it up.
See? He gets it.
Okay. Well, come on.I'll get you all those drinks.
Attention, all of C block.Attention, C block.
Officer Harris. Officer R. Harris,report to center now, please.
Somebody trashed my house last night.
Good.
Did you order it?
No. But I wish that I had.
Go to hell.
Now, that doesn't soundlike an apology to me.
An apology to you? For what?
You owe me for lyingabout being at the Buhrman house.
-You were there that night.-I told you, I didn't kill Chuck.
And I'm supposed to believe you?
You know what?
If you think that I am guilty,why did you come back?
A witness said they saw you running
from the front of the Buhrman housewith a knife.
So?
Lanie testified she saw youjumping the back fence.
Somebody lied.
And as long as there's a lie,or the hint of one,
I have to find out the truth.
And now it is up to meto decide if I trust you or not.
Any idea what that says?
It's in code.
But I think it says,"Poppy is full of shit."
-Don't want to help?-Why should I?
Who is the first person you metwhen you got to Quentin?
What?
What was your first day in lockup like?
As a 17-year-old boy,
in here with grown menwho were killers, rapists, sadists.
Who befriended you first?
Talk to me, Warren.
You know...
when I used to hunt the Burhmans...
I would...
What?
I would sneak into the twins' room,
hide under Lanie's bed,
and... read her diary.
Did she know?
No.
I was just a kid with a crush.
That's a little more than a crush.
And another lie.
Do you know the code?
That shit is over 20 years old.How am I supposed to remember that?
Try.
I think the symbols may be vowels,
but I'm not sure which ones.
There were a lot of entriesthe week before Chuck died.
This could help us.
Hey. Time's up.
Think, Warren.
Think. Help me.
Teenage girls. Goddamn.
Can we not pass judgmentand just translate this thing?
Warren wouldn't have given me this code
if he didn't think there wassomething in here that we could use.
Jesus Christ.
What?
That sick piece of shit.
Who? Warren?
Chuck was molesting Lanie.
And if Lanie told her mom,it could have been either Erin or Warren.
Look, if a father's molesting her daughterand winds up stabbed, the mom did it.
-You can bank on that.-She did have a shaky alibi too.
Drunk and passed out?
-Come on.-Yeah.
If Lanie told Erin what was going on,
it could have easily have pushed herover the edge.
You think Lanie will give her mom up?
You saw the type of relationshipthey have.
If we press the right buttons,Lanie will turn on her.
So you're back then?
One step at a time.
Thanks again for dinner.
Don't thank me. Thank Alex.
He's the chef. I don't cook, I burn.
I gotta be honest,I was a bit nervous about tonight.
I didn't know what to expect.
But... it wasn't this.
She's worked so hard to cope witheverything that the murder did to her.
Yeah.
Yeah, she... and I havea lot to work through.
But... I love her.
That's so great.
And, hey, at least all the outbursts
and the in and out of institutionsseems to be in check.
Right?
I mean, I was a bit concernedwith the whole Vivienne thing,
but you seem to be so great for her.
You and Mason.
I did want to ask though,
how is she with Mason?
You leave her alone with him?
Of course. Why wouldn't I?
No. No reason. It's...
There were some issuesafter Dad died, but...
Issues?
She...
Well, she tried to...smother me with a pillow once.
Yeah, I woke up.I had to... fight her off.
I mean, I have no idea why she did it,
but I think it probably hadsomething to do with
needing somebody else to feelthe pain that she was feeling.
You know, or maybe she even thoughtit was like an act of mercy.
But... she just snapped.
It was so long ago.
Really. I'm sure she's past all of it.
But I...for whatever reason, I don't know,
I guess it's more my issue at this point,
but I just can't seemto leave her alone with Ella.
Red MINI Cooper. Your car's ready.
What the hell?
-I need to talk to you.-Get out of my car!
You are insane.
How'd you even find me?
I stopped by your office.Your colleague told me where you were.
So you're stalking me.
Why did you lie about seeing Warren?
Oh, my God. Are you kidding me?
A witness has come forwardwho's willing to go on record
and swear he saw Warren runningfrom the front of your house
at the time of your father's murder.
Now, one of you is lying.
My money's on you.
Remember, I saw the old tapethat resurfaced.
Seriously? Come on.
Move it.
I have nothing to say to you.
Please get out of my car.
-So you weren't lying?-No!
Come on.
Fine!
Next car, please pull forwardand put it in neutral.
Lanie, how longwas your father abusing you?
Consonants move two places to the left.
The ones become vowelsare replaced with symbols.
-I don't want to.-This is not about what you want!
-Dad! Stop! Stop! Let me go!-Okay, you need to do what I say!
Did your mother know?
I don't know.
You can tell me the truth.
Who do you think you are,asking me about this?
Did your mother knowyour father was abusing you?
Yes.
Well, did she do anythingto try to stop it?
Did she kill Chuck and tell you to lieto the police and say you saw Warren?
Everything my mom did, she didto protect me. She didn't kill him.
-But she did coach you.-No.
No. Why can you not just understandwhat everybody else already knows?
Lanie--
Can you even imagine what it's liketo have a father that you idolize,
that then he becomes this...
Everything that that man stood forwas a lie. Everything.
Did that wreck me? Yeah.
Was I institutionalized? Yes, twice.
And it was my motherwho got me through it, okay?
So just please leave me alone!Just leave us alone!
Okay.
Mac, does the Chevy need wax?
Please pull your car forwardand put it in neutral.
Markus.
Can you meet me at El Camino and Rayburn?
What are you doing?
What? I left my jacket here the other day.
Hey,
can you help me with somethingwhile your mom's out?
I'm looking for a... toy.
A little metal statue.It's a bird that your mom used to have.
Have you ever seen anything like that?Like, maybe in a special hiding place.
No.
Are you sure?
There are toys in my room.
Well, what do you want me to do?I went to the hospital.
-Lanie's records are sealed.-We gotta find a way to access them.
And why is that exactly?
Lanie's story-- I don't know,something about it doesn't feel right.
Poppy.
You're asking this woman to relivethe most traumatic thing in her life.
Second most, I guess.I don't know. Damn, this is dark.
A doctor might be able to corroborateher story, tell us who coached her.
-Something.-All right. Well, look.
I pulled staff directories from bothof the times she was institutionalized.
There's a lady on the board of directors,last name Dostikas.
Ring a bell?
Let's have us a little fun.
-That's for you.-Tipsy.
I don't need any more.Oh, my God, you're--
I have never seen him like this.
You know,he is always the last one at the office.
He even stays laterthan our clerical staff.
Maybe it's that bad New York spirit.
Yeah, well, maybe it is.
And that New York spirit hassome business to attend to.
Not in the house. You boys. Outside.
-Out. Out.-Fine. Fine by me.
-Young man, follow me.-Sir.
Let me show you what we got out here.
-Thank you for inviting us over.-Of course.
Your home is lovely.
Thank you. Thank you.
Yeah, sometimes I need a wind downafter those partner dinners.
Tell me about it.
Aren't you a lawyer as well?
No. I'm in hospital administration.
The Redwood Institute for Mental Health.
Redwood. Wow. They're world-class.
That's... impressive.
It's not as impressive as a buzzy podcast.
So you've heard it?
Tim says we should support Ingram,but I just like it.
Well, for what it's worth,
I will be returningto my Formidable Women series
once I'm done with Owen Cave.
Maybe you'd like to come on as a guest?
Seriously?
I thought that series wasall Sheryl Sandberg, Kamala Harris types.
No. No. Mental health issuesare in the zeitgeist these days.
And Redwood is cutting edge.
Oh, my God. I would be honored to.
One of the people in the current podcastwas there years ago.
A lot of people come through us.
I know this is sensitive.
But would you know how I couldgo about accessing her medical records?
Excuse me?
If you know the podcast,you know Lanie Buhrman.
She was there as a teenager.
Are you asking meto pull a patient's medical records?
A minor's?
I-- Sharon, I wouldn't be askingif it weren't urgent.
I mean, this could be the keyto getting an innocent man out of prison.
Is that what all of this was for?
The dinner. Staying over.
No, no.
We forgot the cigar cutter.
-Everything okay?-Yeah.
I'm just tired. Can we go?
-But---Tim.
It's time to go.
-Thanks for coming.-Thank you.
Thanks for dinner.
Good night.
What just happened?
-I don't have shit to say to you.-Can we just talk about this, please?
You know, it's not just Owen Caveor the ransacking
or even your promisethat you were done with all of this--
-Things changed.-I don't give a damn what changed.
-I didn't know about her diary---Tell me the truth.
Did you deliberately invite Timand his wife here to help your story?
Yes or no?
-You used me.-Where are you going?
I'm spending the nightin the guest bedroom.
Ingram, we don't sleep apart.Especially when we're angry.
You know that.Those are the rules we set up.
Rules?
There are rules?Really? In this relationship?
In this house? With you?I didn't think you had any rules.
I thought you just didwhatever the hell you wanted to do.
-Come on now.-No, you are damaged!
And being back here, on the West Coast,around your family,
I see the dysfunction and the crazythat you all mistake for communication.
But it is twisted.
And it's seeped back in.
And it's made you think thatme being respectful and nice was weak,
and that's your mistake.
-I'm sorry.-I don't care, Poppy!
I do not care!
I am exhausted.
And I don't want to do this much work.
-Ingram, but just---And don't you--
Don't think that I don't see yougrinning in Markus's face
and running around townlike Bonnie and Clyde.
Now, either--
Either you are a foolor, much worse, I am.
No. Ingram.
Oh, God.
Hey.
Josie?
Caleb left me.
God, I don't understand.I thought dinner went so well.
He says that he can't trust me.
Josie, why don't you come home to me?
Stay with me.
If you stay with me,then I can take care of you.
Okay.
Two hundred and fifty pieces.We can start now if you want.
What do you think, Lanie?Pretty cool, huh?
Do you wanna come up here,we'll do it together?
No.
-No? You sure?-Yeah, I'm sure.
Okay.
Lanie.
Want me to help or you got it?
-Put 'em in the box.-Okay.
"When this story started,I made a promise to find the truth.
What I didn't know waswhere the story would take me
as I looked for the answersof what really happened to Chuck Buhrman.
This case has taken me to a placeI didn't know I could go.
It's been maddening.
Terrifying.
And it's made me question everything.
Have I been helping a murderer?
Have I risked...even more than I can know?
Have I been played by a sociopath?
I don't know the answer to that question.
And that is what scares me the most."
You have no ideawhat I've done for this family.
Did you recognize the individualwho jumped the back fence?
Go ahead. Say it.
Yes. It was Warren.
You don't realizewhat I've sacrificed for Josie...
for you.
...the individualwho jumped the back fence?
Go ahead. Say it.
Yes.
Why did you lie, Lanie?
Who were you looking at?
What are you hiding?